Feat/python crypto detection (#495)
IBM/sonar-cryptography: docs/DETECTION_RULE_STRUCTURE.md

At this point, you should have repeated all the steps starting from the `withMethodParameter` to here as many times as there are parameters in the function that you want to capture.

> The `withMethodParameter` section may be followed by one `withOtherParameters` indicating that the rule still matches even if an arbirary number of additional parameters follows. This feature should be used with care since it may lead to overlapping rules that cause duplicate detections. In languges like Python it allows the matching of combinations of optional parameters without analysing them in detail.

Reviewer: **SUGGESTION — two typos in the new paragraph: "arbirary" and "languges".**

```suggestion
The `withMethodParameter` section may be followed by one `withOtherParameters` indicating that the rule still matches even if an arbitrary number of additional parameters follows. This feature should be used with care since it may lead to overlapping rules that cause duplicate detections. In languages like Python it allows the matching of combinations of optional parameters without analysing them in detail.
```
